Update to do
Add HP4-in-1 with tigereye drop picture.
Add HP4-in-1 for Dallas type picture.
Figure out a way to snapshot the scales, add picture to weaves.

Section off bracelets from necklaces, make mention that 'just because the section is called bracelets, doesn't mean it can't be made slightly longer as an anklet!'.



Pages
	Gallery Pages - Just subgalleries  (Items in these sections should have rough estimates of cost for a few material types, and a link to a store page, likely on Etsy!)
		Jewelry and Clothing
			Headpieces (Tiaras, headdresses, hats, a picture of a coif linking to Armour)
			Necklaces
			Pendants
			Bracelets and Handwear (mini-bracer of dragonscale, handflowers, picture of bracer linking to Armour)
			Rings
			Body
			Belts and Skirt drapes (Skirt Drapes = something light and usually for belly dancing, that’d go over clothes)
			Leggings and 'full' skirts (Full Skirt = .. well.. a full solid skirt, to replace clothing.  Really, wouldn't this be armour?)
			Anklets and Footwear
		Misc Items
			Carried Items (Wallet Chains, Keychains, Watch Fobs)
			Home Decor (Drapes for ornaments, bottles, scale skirts for candles, chainmail sculpture, etc)
		Armour - Disclaimer about how unless specifically stated, all armor is costume grade and not armor grade, and specifically state that it not for protecting against knives, clubs, or guns!
			Head (Coif's and the like)
			Body ("Shirts", Hauberks, Brynies)
			Arm and Hand (Bracers)
			Legging
			Feet (Unlikely to be ever be filled, unless I get crazy with some work boots and small scales)
		Weaves - To show various weaves by themselves, name them, and help give an idea what can be custom ordered.
			Also tuck a color example page here!
    FAQ Page
       Disclaimer about armor, again, - how unless specifically stated, all armor is costume grade and not armor grade, and specifically state that it not for protecting against knives, clubs, or guns!
       Cleaning instructions for various materials and pieces
       How custom orders are handled (and encouraged)
       Return policies
       Warranties (Which are likely to only be against me buggering up the initial build)
          
Want
	Main page 'news' area, which would in theory interface with facebook or tumbler.
	Some way to update either facebook or tumbler, and have it in turn put update stuff out to all the other linked social networkings.

	A handy 'calculator' on the items sold, so you could (for instance) click on a necklace in byzantine weave, going to it's page, then with little effort pick 1-3 materials and the length of the piece, and get quoted a price estimate.  Note, this is -NOT- to actually be a checkout/shopping thing.  Just a way to list prices more efficiently and accurately.  (And in theory, might even let me replace my own spreadsheet calculator.)
	Further note on that is that I'll probably need PHP for database functions.  Skip on first website version.

	Social Media / Gallery interactions (which probably won’t happen for more than a few).  Incoming only for Deviant Art, SoFurry, Weasl, FurAffinity ; In/Out for Facebook/Twitter/Tumbler/Google+ (The last is looking to be not viable, due to the no-company+ pages which is still a ‘whut?’ move with Google..)
 
Do Not Want
	Sounds
	Animations (Gifs and such)
	Flash
	Comment Fields
    Frames
    
Random Thoughts
	Silly idea for the 'gallery' main page.  I want to make something for pretty much everywhere.  How silly does it sound to have a person modelling as much chain jewelry as possible, and lil' expanded pictures pointing at them, leading to Headpieces, Necklaces/pendants, Bodywear, belts and skirts, foot and ankle pieces, bracelets and handwear, rings?
	Kinda like an equipping diagram from an RPG, but prettier, with a live model?  Change it semi-regularly..  When I want to spotlight a new set of jewelry work, I shoot the model in a new set of stuff and update the 'items'.   Also allows me to feature other models!
 
	Do I section off chain cuffs and collars and 'adult' body wear from the bracelets, necklaces, bras/vests?
	I feel all the stuff belongs together, in 'per body part' sections, but.. yeah.  It won't work, because I'd lose a bunch of potential customers.  Even having an adult section will cost me a percentage.  _Those_ ones however fall under the 'Ehh, fuck 'em' category.   If 'You don't have to look' isn't good enough for them, then I won't miss 'em.
	Need to figure out how and where to do the sectioning!

 

